la la la la la la la la
every box a key fast to talk ha ha
Papa you insert an image from regia high
noon or they're in rose and burnt
antacids am sin nature legend t song
been carryin drooping engine act hi
Tennessee subsea - ah-ah-ah
but I'm John wrecker learn it at st.
wrong long
same Duncan finchy alongside gah-gah
chi-chi care guy Oh can't opt out rope
one holding a granny drum along Fujian
cocci damn bra bra can do Bharata good
and iCal good it's unfortunate do it all
by man Goku I don't know awesome
probe gotta call Jaime Lao who grow high
foul little betcha activist good news
Sam Sam boom guy
let's go left or at Orochimaru Japan
goku dick soul no no oxen Tomica so you
do a drone Kodachrome chad throw me into
a drone mobian South Pole
- chocolate me
with sound and you pick a corn in a
minute or a big drop-off I meant oku
Bittman no no I'll sing got my jaw no
let me first
toot ABC Maram Chung Recoleta crap go no
no central saint drunken centium long
sigh who else on to adapt it ultimate
Omkara taco cool hey Nigel boo time
Adina crap oh do Nancy what does help
and cup want it by knife and not only
songs I could you be happen upon what I
like and no no no no make up what my bus
acrid revoir alright much of a sound
clip agua and da hey and what put a MIDI
letter A and what